in today's episode of recap files i'm
going to explain a 2016 american horror
thriller film called don't breathe
warning spoilers ahead rocky
jane levy alex dylan minnette and money
daniel zavato three detroit friends
break into the home of wealthy owners
they start grabbing the nicest looking
items they can get their hands on after
alex disables the security system
they finish by throwing a rock through
the plate glass door and fleeing
rocky lives with her younger sister
diddy emma berkovici
their abusive mother ginger katya boker
and trevor
her boyfriend sergey anopko rocky
promises diddy that she will get them
both out of there as soon as possible so
that they can start a new life in
california
money receives information from one of
his contacts about a man who lives in a
house and has more than thirty thousand
dollars stashed somewhere
according to reports the man is a war
veteran who lives alone after his
daughter was killed in a car accident
rocky is on board because this could be
the last robbery they have to pull off
but alex is opposed to the plan he later
relents when rocky begs him because he
has a crush on her
despite the fact that she is with money
the three follow the man
stephen lang to his home and discover
that he is blind
alex thinks it's wrong to rob a blind
man but money says that just because
he's blind doesn't make him a saint
the robbery is started that night by the
three the friends make their way to the
man's house
money drugs the dog causing him to pass
out and allowing them safe entry into
the house
rocky is the first to enter and disable
the security system
she reappears and unlocks the door money
goes upstairs and discovers the blind
man sleeping with the television turned
on
when the blind man rises he hears a
noise he simply turns off the television
and goes back to sleep
money fills the room with gas to ensure
that the man passes out and does not
hear anything
the three discover a locked door leading
to the basement they believe this is the
location of the man's stash
money begins to break down the door
causing the blind man to wake up and
realize there's an intruder
money begins to speak and declares that
he does not want trouble
until he decides to pull a gun on the
man money holds the gun in front of the
blind man's face
and he takes a few steps forward as he
approaches
the man grabs the gun from money's grip
and pins him against the wall
the blind man inquires of money how many
of them are present in the house
money claims it's just him and begs the
man to let him go the blind man lets go
of money
but then shoots him in the neck and
through the head rocky hides in the
closet after he throws money's body to
the ground
the man walks in it opens a safe that
holds his money
rocky notices the code as he walks away
after the blind man begins locking all
the doors and windows
alex goes in search of rocky they decide
to enter through the basement and exit
through the cellar door that leads
outside
rocky first opens the safe and places
all of the money in her bag
they make their way to the basement but
the man appears from there
as he holds money's gun the two remain
silent
when someone's phone rings he fires a
quick shot
as the man drags money's body outside
rocky and alex make their way downstairs
rocky is startled in the basement by a
woman francisca trasic
who has been chained to the wall rocky
and alex are terrified and nearly
abandoned her until the woman holds up a
newspaper article
it reveals her name is cindy and that
she is the woman who killed the blind
man's daughter by accident
but she was acquitted rocky and alex
managed to free her and carry her to the
cellar door
unfortunately when they open it the
blind man is already there
he pulls the trigger on the gun and
shoots cindy in the face killing her
rocky and alex flee and the man
discovers that he shot cindy
he sobs over her body and yells in
anguish alex takes the man's keys and
decides to make his way back to the
front door
as he and rocky return upstairs the
blind man turns off the basement lights
leaving them all in complete darkness as
the man fires the gun
rocky and alex look around for each
other rocky was about to touch the blind
man when alex called her name
the blind man grabs alex and attempts to
shoot him but his gun is empty
alex slams a shelf against him trapping
him
rocky and he dash up stairs alex uses a
crowbar to close the door
when he and rocky try to open the door
the dog has awoken and is ready to
attack them
they flee from the dog and confine it in
a room unfortunately
the blind man has escaped from the
basement and assaults alex
he punches him in the face several times
and appears to impale him with garden
shears
he then goes after rocky and knocks her
out as well rocky awakens in the
basement
chained in the same place as cindy she
informs the blind man that this will not
return his daughter
he claims that isn't entirely correct he
had impregnated cindy in order to have a
child to compensate for the one she had
killed
and he would have let her go once she
gave birth with cindy's death
his unborn child has also died and he
holds rocky responsible
he rips a hole in rocky's pants and
pulls out a baster containing his sperm
sample
he's about to impregnate rocky but alex
has gotten up and grabbed a hammer
he whacks the blind man on the head
releasing rocky
they bind the man to a pole with
handcuffs she begins kicking the man
before stuffing the baster down his
throat
they leave him alone and decide not to
call the cops because the man could
easily tell them rocky and alex broke in
the two return upstairs to leave they
are able to open the front door
but the blind man has risen and shoots
alex rocky bolts just as the man opens
the door to let the dog out
rocky dashes back to money's car hoping
to get in before the dog catches up with
her
but she leaves her bag outside the car
rocky opens the trunk in an attempt to
trap the dog inside so she can escape
her plan succeeds and she goes outside
to get the money
but the blind man appears and knocks
rocky out once more
rocky is dragged back to his house by
the blind man to finish his work
a ladybug flies onto rocky's hand
boosting her confidence and giving her
hope
rocky grabs the control and activates
the security system
which causes the alarm to go off
distracting the man
she grabs the crowbar and repeatedly
whacks the blind man over the head until
he falls into the basement and his gun
goes off
shooting him in the side rocky grabs the
money and flees the house before the
cops arrive
she's is now at the airport with diddy
ready to begin their new lives
when she sees a news report on tv
stating that the blind man was
discovered alive and that only two
burglars were reported as breaking into
his home
both of whom he killed rocky becomes
nervous and takes diddy with her
never looking back do you enjoy videos
like these
then consider subscribing and leaving us
a like it really helps the channel out
thanks for watching and we'll catch you
on the next one